Update BrowserStack browser testing docs (#36269)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/your_own_automation_environment/index.md

});
```

> Add this to the bottom of the `example()` function now as shown below, then run it:

Reviewer: This is the first time you've just said "hey test the example" - previously you've shown how (that bit now deleted).

I'm OK with that, but I'd probably leave this section as it i:

 ```suggestion
Add this to the bottom of the `example()` function now as shown below:
```

Then below (where you deleted the how to run) do.

> Then run the example with node in the same way you did previously

In following cases "then run it" would be fine.

Author: Updated. I also made a couple of other changes to make sure we were telling people to run the updated test versions at the right times.

  );

  const input = driver.findElement(By.id("name"));
  input.sendKeys("Bob Smith");

  input.sendKeys(Key.TAB);

  const input2 = driver.findElement(By.id("age"));
  input2.sendKeys("65");
})();
```

You can submit key presses that can't be represented by normal characters using properties of the `Key` object. For example, above we used the following to tab between form inputs:

```js
input.sendKeys(Key.TAB);
```

### Waiting for something to complete

There are times where you'll want to make WebDriver wait for something to complete before carrying on. For example if you load a new page, you'll want to wait for the page's DOM to finish loading before you try to interact with any of its elements, otherwise the test will likely fail.

In our `duck_test_multiple.js` test for example, we included this line:

```js
await driver.sleep(2000);
```

> The `sleep()` method accepts a value that specifies the time to wait in milliseconds — the method returns a promise that resolves at the end of that time, at which point the code after it executes.

Reviewer: True, but you're not using the promise "as a promise". Maybe:

```suggestion
The `sleep()` method accepts a value that specifies the time to wait in milliseconds — the method returns a promise that resolves at the end of that time.
We use the `await` keyword to pause the enclosing function until the promise resolves, after which the code following the method executes.
```

Author: Ha, pendant! Yeah, fair enough, I've updated it to use your suggestion.

    "https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/tools-testing/cross-browser-testing/accessibility/native-keyboard-accessibility.html",
  );

  const input = driver.findElement(By.id("name"));
  input.sendKeys("Bob Smith");

  driver.sleep(1000).then(() => {
    input.getAttribute("value").then((value) => {
      if (value !== "") {
        console.log("Form input filled out");
      } else {
        console.log("Text could not be entered");
      }
    });
  });
})();
```

WebDriver will now fill out the first form field, wait for one second, then test whether its value got filled out (i.e., is not empty) by using `getAttribute()` to retrieve its `value` attribute value. It then prints a message to the console to report success/failure.

> [!NOTE]
> There is also a method called [`wait()`](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/javascript/WebDriver.html#wait), which repeatedly tests a condition for a certain length of time, and then carries on executing the code. This also makes use of the [util library](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/javascript/lib_until.js.html), which defines common conditions to use along with `wait()`.

### Shutting down drivers after use

> After you've finished running a test, you should shut down any driver instances you've opened, to make sure they don't continue to use resources unneccessarily. This is done using the `driver.quit()` method. Update `quick_test.js` as follows:

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
After you've finished running a test, you should shut down any driver instances you've opened using the `driver.quit()` method, to make sure they don't continue to use resources unnecessarily. Update `quick_test.js` as follows:
```

Author: updated
